# Inventory Project
## About
A project for COSC340; our aim is to create a program to help business owners manage their inventory and to create a pleasant point of sale experience.

## Team Members
- Jon Graham
- Joseph Wehby
- Noah Shoap
- Vincent Broda
- Jennifer Hulen

## Language / Tools Used
- We'll be using C++.
- Currently, the plan is for us to use [Qt](https://www.qt.io/) for the user interface.  Documentation can be found [here](https://doc.qt.io/).  Installation instructions at the bottom of this README.

## Project Usage
### Inventory Manager
Currently, the inventory manager is command-line only; in the future, it will be support both graphical and command line modes.

#### Install
Firstly, install cmake and libgtest-dev on your linux machine with the following command line commands:
	
	sudo apt-get install libgtest-dev
	sudo apt-get install cmake
	cd /usr/src/gtest
	sudo cmake CMakeLists.txt
	sudo make

Secondly, the program needs to be installed.  As of the time this is being written, no install kits have been released, so you will need to compile from soure.

1. Clone this repo: ```git clone git@github.com:QT-Pies/inventory-project.git```
2. cd into the repo directory if not already in: ```cd inventory-project```
3. make the program: ```make all```

After these steps are completed, your bin/ directory should be populated with the executables generated by make.

#### Starting the program
You run the program from the command line, and it is rather straightforward:

```./bin/main 1 inventory-file.csv```

##### What are the arguments?
The ```1``` represents the choice betweeen GUI or CLI mode; currently, only CLI is supported, so put 1 to enable CLI and run the program.

The inventory-file.csv is the name of your inventory that is saved on disk; pass that in for the program to load it into memory.

#### Interacting with the program
Once the inventory is loaded up, you can begin interacting with it and modifying the inventory as you wish.

##### Supported Commands
- a/A -- adds an Item to inventory
- r/R -- removes an Item from inventory
- u/U -- updates an existing Item in inventory
- q/Q -- quits the program

### Inventory Generator
Actual users should have no use for this, as this is mostly for development purporses; it generates an inventory file for our manager program to use.

### Install
You install this the same way as the manager program; see the above.

### Starting the program
This program is a little more complicated to use, but it can be simple if you want it to be:

```./bin/gen-inventory output_file.csv #1 #2 #3 --flags```

#### What are the arguments?
output_file.csv is the name of the of the file you want to generate -- straightforward.
#1 -- this is the number of unspecified items you want to generate, i.e, items with "-1" as category.
#2 -- the number of NonPerishableItems you want to generate.
#3 -- the number of PerishableItems you want to generate.

##### Supported Flags
- --help, displays help information, call by: ```./bin/gen-inventory --help```
- --bad; precedes a list of keys, such as quantity, id, etc.
- --random (used with bad); each specified bad key has 1 / bad_keys.size() chance of being a bad value.
- --random (used alone); each alternative row will generate bad values.
- --random_factor #; set the random factor; larger numbers decrease the chance, 0 guarantees.  Generally avoid using.

#### Example calls:

##### Generate 50 NonPerishable and 50 Perishable items with all good values.
```./bin/gen-inventory good.csv 0 50 50```

##### Generate 50 NonPerishable and 50 Perishable items with bad quantities.
```./bin/gen-inventory bad.csv 0 50 50 --bad quantity```

##### Generate 50 NonPerishable and 50 Perishable items with bad quantities, but randomize it so only some entries are bad.
```./bin/gen-inventory some_bad.csv 0 50 50 --bad --random quantity```

#### Known Issues / Future Improvements
1. Seg-fault if used improperly; i.e, running ```./bin/gen-inventory``` with no arguments results in a seg fault.
2. Names are unrealistic.
3. Sub-categories are not generated.

## Qt Installation
### Before you start
Firstly, all Qt development for this project is going to be done on UNIX systems.  

If you're on Windows 11 build 22000 or higher, you can run GUI programs through WSL natively.

Otherwise, if you are on Windows 10, I believe there are ways to do it anyways, but not officially supported.

I recommend installing [Ubuntu Desktop](https://ubuntu.com/download/desktop) and dual-booting it alongside your Windows install.
[Here's a random tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GXxTxBPKecQ).

### Install
This portion assumes you are on a Ubuntu install of some form.

Firstly, some commands for us to start with:
```
sudo apt update
sudo apt upgrade
sudo apt install cmake qt6-base-dev libg11-mesa-dev qtcreator
```

This should all the dependencies needed for us to actually install Qt, but we still have to run their installer to actually install it.

#### Grabbing a Qt Installer
1. Head over to [this link](https://login.qt.io/register) and create a Qt account.
2. Grab the ```.run``` installer for Linux from [here](https://www.qt.io/download-thank-you?os=linux&hsLang=en).

##### WSL Special Stuff (Skip if using native Ubuntu install)
- We need to copy over the install file you just downloaded, and run it from WSL.
- Check where your file is on your Windows file system, then open up a WSL window and copy the file.

###### Example
Let's say my download is at ```C:\Users\Noah\Downloads\qt-unified-linux-x64-4.4.2-online.run```

If I wanted to run this on my Ubuntu WSL install, I'd copy it over (probably not needed to copy) to that filesystem and run it, like so:
```
cp /mnt/c/Users/Noah/Downloads/qt-unified-linux-x64-4.4.2-online.run .
./qt-unified-linux-x64-4.4.2-online.run
```

If your WSL GUI programs are working properly, this should open up a window, continue with the next section.


#### Using Qt Installer
Once you've ran the ```qt-unified-linux-x64-4.4.2-online.run``` file, a window will pop up.

It will ask for your Qt credentials that you created -- login with that account.

Follow along with it like you would any installer, but on the ```Installation Folder``` stage, check ```Qt 6.4 for desktop development```.

Continue along with the installation, and once it's finished, Qt should be installed on your Linux machine.

#### Testing Qt
For now, the Qt stuff I've been working on is on a separate branch.

So, on your Linux machine, here's the steps to test that it compiles for you as expected.

```
git clone git@github.com:QT-Pies/inventory-project.git
cd inventory-project
git fetch origin # start from here if you already have the repo cloned
git checkout 90-migrate-program-to-qt-qmake-build
cmake CMakeLists.txt
cmake --build .
```

If it compiles successfully, run ```./bin/main 0 CSVInput/medium_file.csv``` and a little window saying "Hello, World!" should pop up for you.


